# Uni-Contact-Tracing-Code
This contains the simulation code that produces the transmission results in "Limited impact of contact tracing in a University setting for COVID-19 due to asymptomatic transmission and social distancing"

The main files for use are "submission_ego_net_staff.m" and "submission_ego_net_stu.m". These files contain the code simulating the ego-centric network models for the staff and student population repectively. These files will call upon the matlab functions contained is this repository ("age_expander.m", "age_interpolater.m", "grp_age_expander.m", "grp_age_builder.m", "isolating_contacts.m", "preferential_builders.m") and use the anaymised data "staff_annonymised.csv" and "stu_annonymised.csv". 

When running the simualtion code must make only one alteration in each of simulation files. Line 140 of "submission_ego_net_staff.m" and line 140 of "submission_ego_net_stu.m" contols the symptomatic status of the ego in the simulations. Setting the array value to 1, corresponds to the ego being asymptomatic, 0 correspeonds to symptomatic. If the user wishes for the ego's symptomatic status to be probabilitic with their age, they should take line 139 as example and use the code "unifrnd(0,1) <= prob_asmy_age(node_age_stu(end))" to set the array value in line 140.

For every valur of "alph_trans" in the main loop of "submission_ego_net_staff.m" and "submission_ego_net_stu.m" the code will automatically two generate a CSV files in the same directory. These are the results of the simulation and include the number of transmission by the ego and the number of untraced infections. To generate results as seen in the manuscript the file "
